Fix nits and extend wapc specs (#122)
kubewarden/docs: docs/writing-policies/spec/host-capabilities/03-container-registry.md

---
sidebar_label: "Container Registry Capabilities"
title: ""
---

# Container registry capabilities

Container registries can be used to distribute many types of OCI objects, going
from well-known container images to generic OCI Artifacts. OCI Artifacts are used

> to store objects as Kubewarden Policies, Helm charts and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to store objects such as Kubewarden Policies, Helm charts, and more.
```

> These are the capabilities exposed by the Kubewarden host to interact with

Author: No, that's not the intention. The first paragraph is just a description about what OCI registries are, I tried to highlight that they are not just about storing container images, other things can be added.

The next paragraph is more about: look, the remaining parts of this page are going to document the kind of capabilities that we make available to interact with container registries. Right now we have only one function available, maybe more will be added in the future.

These are the generic ideas behind these 2 paragraphs. I'm open to changes if these makes things easier to understand :)

> These are the capabilities exposed by the Kubewarden host to interact with

Reviewer: So, in that case I think we'll need to rephrase the beginning of the second paragraph slightly differently.

```suggestion
Below documented are the capabilities exposed by the Kubewarden host to interact with
```

> These are the capabilities exposed by the Kubewarden host to interact with

Author: That's perfect, thanks for the suggestion!
